applications: nrf_desktop: Module documentation improvements (#10369)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/ble_scan.rst

Complete the following steps to enable the |ble_scan|:

1. Complete the basic Bluetooth configuration, as described in :ref:`nrf_desktop_bluetooth_guide`.
   Make sure that both :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_ROLE_HID_DONGLE <config_desktop_app_options>` and :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BT_CENTRAL <config_desktop_app_options>` options are enabled.

>    The |ble_scan| is enabled by the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_SCAN_ENABLE <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option, which is implied by :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BT_CENTRAL <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option together with other application modules that are required for HID dongle that forwards data from HID peripherals connected over Bluetooth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The |ble_scan| is enabled by the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_SCAN_ENABLE <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option which is implied by :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BT_CENTRAL <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option together with other application modules.
   These modules that are required for HID dongle that forwards the data from HID peripherals connected over Bluetooth.
```

   The initial Bluetooth connection interval is set by default to 7.5 ms, that is to the shortest connection interval allowed by the Bluetooth specification.
#. The peer discovery is started.
#. After the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_discovery` completes the peer discovery, the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_conn_params` receives the ``ble_discovery_complete_event`` and updates the Bluetooth connection interval.

>    At this point, the scanning can be restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   At this point, you can restart the scanning.
```
Changed as it's a part of the instruction

Author: This is more like information what happens (the dongle just does it, user does not need to perform additional steps here).

Reviewer: got it, please disregard the suggestion:)
